"I solemnly swear I am up to no good."
"It does not do well to dwell on dreams and forget to live."
"To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure."
"The truth. It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with great caution."
"Ah, music,’ he said, wiping his eyes. ‘A magic beyond all we do here!"
"Fear of a name only increases fear of the thing itself."
"It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities."
"When in doubt, go to the library."
"Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light."
"It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be."
"We are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided."
"We’ve all got both light and dark inside us. What matters is the part we choose to act on. That’s who we really are."
"Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike."
"Things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end, if not always in the way we expect."
"Wit beyond measure is man’s greatest treasure."
"For in dreams we enter a world that is entirely our own."
"And now, Harry, let us step out into the night and pursue that flighty temptress, adventure."
"You’re just as sane as I am."
"It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more."
"It is the quality of one’s convictions that determines success, not the number of followers."
“It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.”
“We’re with you whatever happens.”
"We’re all going to keep fighting, Harry. You know that?"
"I am not worried, Harry…I am with you."
“There is no good and evil, there is only power and those too weak to seek it.”
“The ones that love us never really leave us. You can always find them in here.”
“Soon we must all face the choice between what is right and what is easy.”
"'After all this time?' 'Always,' said Snape."
"Mischief Managed!"
